---
title: "Simple Business Plan"
date: 2022-06-25T17:51:19-04:00
---

## Problems.

Communities in America lack cohesion. Whether by design or happenstance we discuss Netflix and sleazy politics way more than we develop ways to improve our own lives, let alone that of our neighborhood.
In this weirdly disconnected and interconnected world, information is cheap but knowledge is lacking. Even though they have a place, I don’t think that public libraries are filling all the roles that a library needs to. 
Knowledge management and development seems to be a need present on every level of civilized life; and in no place is it more lacking than in our neighborhoods and geographical communities. 

## Promotion.

Writing letters like this one, word of mouth, advertising with extra cash, and guerrilla marketing tactics.
Solution.
A small, subscription library with active curation and management. A small membership so that all members can freely access the library without it becoming over-crowded. 
Values.
The preservation and dissemination of knowledge, freeing quality literature which has been black-listed or fallen into obscurity, and recognizing the values of our Creator in the pursuit of these goals. 
Being independent of public policies, rules, and mandates. Because, we do not always share any values with our governments and public organizations.

## Competitive Edge.

By existing outside of public oversight and by being thoughtful in the allocation of capital, we should be able to exist and thrive on a low budget. Enabling us to serve people of many income ranges, while still maintaining a degree of profit. 
Over time, we would invest our profits in giving back to the world by digitizing some rare works, making some of our catalog available online, publishing research, etc.

## Business Model.

A flat subscription business, $20 to $30 a month. As this project unfolds we will be looking for ways to innovate and create new streams of income. Surplus would be held as emergency capital to increase the stability of our services, so that we can remain a valuable institution in our community.


## Customer Demographics.
Families, Researchers, Entrepreneurs, Curious people, Students of all ages, Locals, anyone with a need for quality research, people seeking to develop their knowledge.

## Funding Needed.
|  |  |
|-|-|
| $18,000	| Land Purchase |
| $15,000 |	Construction |
|  $8,000	|	6 month runway | 
|  $5,000	| Planning costs |  
| $46,000	| Approx. Total |

Once a critical number of locals are aware of this project, a crowdfunding campaign will be launched.
