---
title: "Thoughts & Plans"
date: 2022-06-29T22:19:06-04:00
draft: true
---

## Website Parts

I want to explore some websites of existing notaries and see what sections pop out. Remember, this must be analyzed from a customer's perspective. 

  ### Example A
Linear, scrolling down. 

Photo

1) Name, and Title
2) Services, really just signing roles, bullet list
3) General Notary Services
4) Point on 1 mil insurance. NNA Certification. 
5) Qualitative "Why Choose me." : Timely, Hard Working, Flexible.
6) Pricing: Refinance, Buyer, Seller, Quick Signing <-- 100+
  General notary work, $5. 
7) Contact Info. Cell & Email.
8) Map & Contact Form

Photo
  ### Example B

  Both linear and menu-based. 
  Lots of visual fluff, sleek website builder, little content.

1) Contact Form & Booking Form
2) Links to mini-pages on what she does and why she's the best.
3) Mini-pages for each notary service offered. 
4) 'Amenities' payment forms accepted, black-owned, aptmt only. 
5) Covid Protocols
6) Gallery
7) Availability
8) Get in touch: Form, email, phone, city & state.

There is an about page which has her picture, but you have to seek it out. 

## A Structure Draft

I want a blog section for the pages to nestle into. 

1) Phone number and email, repeated often. 
2) Needs to look like a newspaper. 
3) Availability
4) The services I provide
5) "Show" the process I have in mind.
6) Lots of examples of the things I do. 
7) Keep all of the service info short, so that the rest of the page can focus on things like advice for individuals. Or tidbits about the notary law of various topics. 


## Services to Provide

The three main notary services: Acknowledgements, Jurats, and Verifications. 

* Affidavits
* Bill of Sale
* Deed of Trust
* Contract
* Living Trust
* Wills
* Incorporation
* PMA Documents
* Sworn Statement
* Release / Waiver
* Common Law ID, Certificate of Identity
* Legal Research
* Do Public Record Requests on behalf of people

