---
title: "Juridictional Challenge, A Script"
date: 2022-07-23T12:57:07-04:00
draft: true
---

Alright, this is the classic approach used by Marc Stevens and others to challenge a court proceeding. Especially popular with voluntarists and anarchists. I think it has merit, but isn't necessarily a one size fits all. 

## The Script

*first impression must be down cold*

The sooner they realize they can't intimidate you, the sooner their attempts will stop. 

Read charges: "do you have a lawyer yet," or "how do you plead?"

Well judge (your honor) I have every intention of pleading guilty today. I'm ready to plead guilty, pay my fine, and leave, I just have a few clarifications of the prosecution before I do so. 

Do you mind if I ask a question?


Thank you, before I begin:

1) Do I have a right to a fair and meaningful hearing here today?
2) Do I have a right to know the cause and nature of the proceedings/charges/accusation. here today?
    1) Do I have a right to have assistance of counsel, that is not coerced by this court?
    2) I'd prefer to have counsel who's livelihood isn't linked to his performance in the courtroom. 
2) Am I presumed innocent here today?
4) Am I presumed innocent of every element of the charges here today?
    1) Absolutely necessary for fair due process.



---------------

## Alphonse, Elements of Jurisdiction

Territorial Jurisdiction
: that court can only hear a matter involving you if you are in their assigned territory. If you are outside their territory they have **zero** jurisdiction to act in the matter. So, they'll **always** say, well **yes** we have Jurisdiction because the alleged matter occurred in our Territory. Great! Now what about the other 3 legs of Jurisdiction required???!!!

In Personam Jurisdiction
: which can **only** occur when that court
    a) issues service of process, and
    b) the alleged Plaintiff provides you Service of Process, and SOP is not mailing you an envelope with a 50 cent stamp on it, it's a real process server serving you the complaint and the summons. No service, no stool leg!

Subject Matter Jurisdiction
: Another smoke and mirror trick! A court can only potentially gain jurisdiction if the plaintiff files a formal complaint with the court, and a citation **is not a formal complaint**. No complaint filed, no stool leg for that court!

In Rem Jurisdiction
: Since these kangaroo municipal courts are **not following standard legal process** and are a matter of fact **simulating legal process** and abusing the Court's process, they know they can't claim In Personam Jurisdiction over you, so they **illegally** claim that the action is against your property, which is an absurdity on its face as neither the court or the municipality possess Ownership or Interest in your property. So, no evidence of ownership or interest in the property, no stool leg!



